hey what's happening YouTube was having
verbally visitation sorry the camera
shoots but I'm still doing his laptop
and Meatwad ran off and I started cuz I
tried to do this video a minute ago but
side note before we cover the title
which obviously I don't believe I just
wanted a good catchy title that's a big
thing on YouTube if you have qwest
internet if you're in the Midwest
especially the Minneapolis area and you
have qwest internet um we're dropping
them I think everybody else i knows
dropping them as well because it is
easily the worst internet service
provider ever horrible signal drops out
constantly and it just gets annoying
let's get right into it no one likes it
when I'm being rational no one likes it
when I'm being quiet you like me to lose
my shit and go off on rants so here the
fuck we go John McCain you backwoods
fucking dinosaur of a human being racist
somehow from Arizona but still a fucking
hillbilly dumbass somehow the right
doesn't think that there's any climate
change and look I'm not even going into
this weather man is doing it or whether
it's a natural ice age evolution that
we're simply having a change in climate
which somehow has happened repeatedly
over millions of years on this planet
but now doesn't happen and that's not
why all the forest fires are happening
it's not why it snows and fucking
Mazatlan Mexico in May that's not why
any of that shit happens no such thing
as climate change as Ursula been here
six thousand years you hair a tick but
John McCain can give a press conference
where he says they have clear and
concise evidence that illegal aliens
have started these fires in the
southwest these raging fires that are
destroying good people's homes and
illegals homes right along with it he
can say this sort of shit when it turns
out that there's this much evidence this
much zero no one not even discredited
people of step forward and says yes we
have evidence that it illegals are
starting how the fuck do you know first
of all not one person not one of these
fires has been alleged have been started
by a human how the fuck would you know
their citizenship status
if they started the fire you fucking
idiot but yet he hasn't been asked to
apologize for lying about it and then he
said no no no I never said it even
though go ahead and Google John McCain
blames fires on illegals the video is
there McCain if this was your grandpa
and he said some crazy shit like that
you'd have them fucking committed it's
nuts is all I'm saying it's gotten to
the point now where nothing gets done
anymore by either side because it's all
a political fucking decision all of it
somehow now forest fires during a
drought or an illegal immigration thing
blows my mind having said that you don't
get it both ways you hardcore right-wing
motherfuckers they can't be lazy and
have the motivation to start fucking
million acre fires can't do both of
those John McCain your fucking idiot now
I want to go into the next story which I
just if I didn't read it today in
multiple locations and see it on two
different news sources including fox
news there's got to see what the idiots
are doing with all the shit going on
unemployment skyrocketing people trying
to find jobs everybody's broke their
droughts there are multi million acre
forest fires going on those damn dirty
mexicans fucking started at least the
far-right has chosen an enemy chosen a
reason why things are going wrong in
this country they're not pushing for a
boycott on this new controversial film
okay it's not a controversial film its
cars too that's right people that if
you're a Republican that you voted for
to put an office or spending their
weekend flipping out about cars to and
believe it or not not because Larry the
Cable guy's in it which I was like it's
about time somebody stood up against
that hillbilly no no no no no no it's
because the bad guy in the movie is big
oil can you at least take the lobbyist
cock Oh are we good can you at least
take the lobbyist cock out of your
fucking mouth
before you step but you're defending big
oil because they're the bad guy in a
goddamn cartoon here's why they're the
bad guy in that cartoon because they're
the fucking bad guy have you forgot
about the Gulf South have you forgot
about BP if you've got about the reason
why we're supposedly all over the Middle
East if you forgot about the companies
who swear off on fucking meatwad's back
so the cameras going to shake who swear
off on any alternative fuels and say
nothing will ever ever ever work other
than oil and gas even though the first
cars were powered by water Henry Ford
himself first had water powered vehicles
anyway that's what you've chosen cars to
way to take a stance seriously way to
take a fucking stance man listen up guys
um views down because like I said just
getting back to it and I know I can be
divisive and all that good shit but I'm
glad you some of you guys are back watch
another views will come up cherish it
with your friends I enjoy going off on
rants once a little while and there's
really no set dates and times long to
put videos out so thanks for hanging in
thanks for subscribing thanks for all
the people who are still there for a
verbally vicious nation and starting to
book tour dates for the fall so if
you're anywhere throughout the Midwest
and the Dakotas or Missouri Nebraska
Minnesota Wisconsin Illinois Indiana you
will get an opportunity to see me
perform live and if you don't know
anything about my comedy go to my other
YouTube channel Daryl horror comedy and
check out some of those comedy clips and
enjoy that shit and have a great day and
and if everything works out right we'll
catch these dirty fucking illegals that
are starting all these fires man and
these these controversial cartoons will
finally be put to a stop I'm glad we
have our priorities in order of peace
hair grease and other factors i hope you
getting over yourself because as soon as
i pushed off by mobile mine see you next
time